# super-awesome-kanban

Pre-interview Assignment Instructions


## Greetings!

Hello potential future team member! :D

We're looking forward to having some great days working on creating new projects, debugging issues, planning applications, solving problems, and all of the other fun things we do here in - together with you!

But before that, let's see if you can demonstrate some stock skills you'll need to be successful in this position :)

Note: if anything isn't specifically called out here, feel free to be as inventive as you like - no pressure to adhere to any strict rules. Our primary goal is to know that you generally understand web application principles.

Have fun!


## Running the Application

If you run `npm start` in the project directory, the application will be available in your browser at `http://localhost:9019`. If you do not have `python` in your `$PATH`, you can just `open index.html` and serve from the filesystem instead.

Make sure you run `npm install` in order to acquire the `KanbanDB` depdendency!

## KanbanDB

You can find the documentation for KanbanDB [here](https://github.com/netpoetica/KanbanDB#kanbandb). This will explain the public API for the mock database client used in this application.


## Task (~ 1 hour)

Fork or clone this repo as your starting point - you will need to submit the completed assignment via Github by sending us the URL to your fork or clone.

Take a few minutes to navigate the application (see "Running the Application" above) and the source code to familiarize yourself with it.

This is a React 16 application, but for convenience, we are not using webpack or any build tools. Instead, we just add Babel, React and React-DOM as dependencies in `index.html`.

Most of the work you will need to do is in `components/app.js`, with some additional work to the CSS in `styles/main.css`. You will not need to modify any of the following files:

- `index.html`
- `scripts/seedDB.js`
- `bin/serve.sh`


Once you've got a solid grip on the codebase, the Kanban Board application should be modified to meet the following criteria:

1. Each individual Card has a different status, one of `TODO`, `DOING`, and `DONE`, but currently all cards are rendered in the `TODO` column. Please ensure the cards are placed in the column accordin to their category. 
2. Add a new button component that can be rendered in the Card component to delete each individual card from the database.
3. Add a new button component that can be rendered in each Column to add a new Card of the given status. That is, if the user presses this button on the `DOING` column, the card will have a default status of `DOING`. Cards added in this way should show up in their respective columns.
4. Cards in columns should be sorted by the `createdDate` property on the card. Note: they are stored as UNIX timestamps in the database, generated by JavaScript's `Date.now()`.
5. The user should be able to change the status of a card between `TODO`, `DOING`, and `DONE`, and changing the status should cause them to render in their respective columns (i.e. all cards with `TODO` status should be in column with Todo header)

BONUS: A card can be edited and saved (`.updateCard()`).
